---
title: "Guidelines and Limitations"
page_start: 25
page_end: 26
level: 2
---

## Guidelines and Limitations

- • When you change the topology (for example, add or delete a link into a VLAN, delete a member from a Layer 2 port channel, and so on), the SVI session could be affected. It may go down first and then come up after the topology discovery is finished.

- • BFD over FEX HIF interfaces is not supported.

- • When a BFD session is over SVI using virtual port-channel (vPC) Peer-Link (either BCM or GEM based ports), the BFD echo function is not supported. You must disable the BFD echo function for all sessions over SVI between vPC peer nodes using the no bfd echo command at the SVI configuration level.

Tip

- If you do not want the SVI sessions to flap and you need to change the topology, you can disable the BFD feature before making the changes and re-enable BFD after the changes have been made. You can also configure the BFD timer to be a large value (for example, 5 seconds), and change it back to a fast timer after the above events complete.

- • When you configure the BFD Echo function on the distributed Layer 3 port channels, reloading a member module flaps the BFD session hosted on that module, which results in a packet loss.

If you connect the BFD peers directly without a Layer 2 switch in between, you can use the BFD per-link mode as an alternative solution.

<

> **NOTE**
> Note

- Using BFD per-link mode and sub-interface optimization simultaneously on a Layer 3 port channel is not supported.

- • When you specify a BFD neighbor prefix in the clear {ip | ipv6} route prefix command, the BFD echo session flaps.

- • The clear {ip | ipv6} route * command causes BFD echo sessions to flap.

- • HSRP for IPv4 is supported with BFD.

- • BFD packets generated by the Cisco NX-OS device line cards are sent with COS 6/DSCP CS6. The DSCP/COS values for BFD packets are not user configurable.

- • When configuring BFDv6 in no-bfd-echo mode, it is recommended to run with timers of 150 ms with a multiplier of 3.

- • BFDv6 is not supported for VRRPv3 and HSRP for v6.

- • IPv6 eigrp bfd cannot be disabled on an interface.

- • IETF BFD is not supported on N9K-X96136YC-R, N9K-X9636C-R, N9K-X9636C-RX and N9K-X9636Q-R line cards.

- • Port channel configuration notes:

- • When the BFD per-link mode is configured, the BFD echo function is not supported. You must disablethe BFD echo functionusing the no bfd echo commandbefore configuringthe bfd per-link command.

|

|

Cisco Nexus 9000 Series NX-OS Interfaces Configuration Guide, Release 10.5(x)

152

ㅣ

|!